Hey, Yufei, when will they sign the contract?
Pay 1,000 now
What are you waiting for now?
Hurry up and go!
Okay, I'll go right away, Yufei, I'll accompany you.
What are you doing, you trash?
It's okay, let him follow.
It's just the right time to take him on a long journey. Let's go
The Rockefeller Group is an international concentration giant
Mr. Davis
It is also a top ten adult on the global rich list
But you must be careful when you speak
Do you know?
Why are you laughing?
Nothing.
It's just that Toujing thought of coming back here before he died
It's you
To blow up the building, the financial system, old life?
Dare to explore, we will never dare again
This time it's just to teach you a lesson
I won't be able to cut it next time
You shouldn't have been here
Many years ago
Then tell me what you did last time you came here